# Robotics-Naigation-Deep-Reinforcement-Learning

## Instructions

# why do I create this repository?
I am focusing on the robotics navigation problem with reinforcement learning methods. All the time people consider SLAM methods as the kernel solution for navigation purpose of robot. However, SLAM method has a few difficulty parts that are not well solved for a long time. I'm considering and trying to find a distinctive way, with the help of deep reinforcement learning method, to see if there are any improvement in robotics navigation.

# what is in this repository?
Currently, I am writting the code based on the paper ["Navigation intersactions with Autonomous vehicles using Deep Reinforcement Learning"](http://xueshu.baidu.com/s?wd=paperuri%3A%288096d7729767e358d7308ee6a1bb902d%29&filter=sc_long_sign&tn=SE_xueshusource_2kduw22v&sc_vurl=http%3A%2F%2Farxiv.org%2Fpdf%2F1705.01196&ie=utf-8&sc_us=17616306211134359942). This paper provided an efficient strategy to navigate safety through unsignaled intersactions.

- **basic** : include the elementary parts of a 'SUMO' map
  *!IMPORTANT*: SUMO is the short of "Simulation of Urban Mobility". It is a software which help you creat any kinds of traffic simulation scenes quickly.
  *!IMPORTANT*: You'd better read the tutorials of SUMO first in order to understand the content below. Tutorials are here: [SUMO TUTORIALS](http://sumo.dlr.de/wiki/Tutorials).Apart from that, the blog is great for your quick scan on SUMO's utility.
  There are five parts below:
  + car.rou.xml : Defined by user. You have to define the car flow on certain route or place in order to simulate the traffic scene.
  + edges.edg.xml : Defined by user. To build a road net(see [road.net.xml](https://github.com/lvlvlvlvlv/Robotics-Navigation-Deep-Reinforcement-Learning/blob/master/basic/road.net.xml)) , you have to define the every edge as you wish.
  + nodes.nod.xml : Defined by user. To build a road net, you also have to define every node in order to connect edges together to be a map.
  + road.net.xml : Not defined by user, but generated by the file [edges.edg.xml] and [nodes.nod.xml]. As for the command. see and find it in [SUMO TUTORIALS](http://sumo.dlr.de/wiki/Tutorials)
  + cfg.sumocfg.xml : Defined by user. This file contains simulation parameters mainly for the process of entire simulation.
- **crossroad** : Include the source code for reappearance of result in paper above.

  


